when I first got to UT one of my goals
was to win a lot of football games to
have the chance to play
championship and to have my name up in
the stadium like Earl Campbell like
Tommy Nobis like Ricky Williams now
Vince Young and you know at the time i
set my goals really high and i didn't
know what was going to happen out i was
a freshman and you know i just i was
truly blessed i had great coaches coach
brown coach Davis the defensive coach is
that just really molded me and helps me
grow as a quarterback and I had great
teammates the university had all their
support and you know when I found out
that my jersey was going to be retired I
was I was hearing Cleveland and how
honestly I was really surprised I didn't
realize that they would do it so early
so soon but at the same time I was just
I was very humble that was honored and I
was very proud for my family I was very
proud for my coaches in my teammates
because I think that truly for me it
means a lot it means a lot to me means a
lot to my family but I want that to mean
a lot to the guys that I played with to
my coaches because I want everyone to
know that it was not what I did out
there on the field that got my jersey
retired or got my name in the stadium is
because of what we did as a group
collectively that that was able to
happen and that's how I truly see it and
I was so thankful i was honored for them
to do it so soon and for me to be able
to be there and you know shake coach
Browns hand give him a big hug out in
the field and to see my name in the
stadium that that's truly something that
you know means a lot i'm very proud
you